feat(docs): document layer properties (#264)
goabstract/abstract-sdk: docs/abstract-api.md

| `libraryId`   | `string`          | UUID of the library file this layer is from     |
| `libraryName` | `string`          | The name of the library file this layer is from |
| `parentId`    | `string`          | UUID of the parent layer, if any                |
| `properties`  | `LayerDataProperties` | Layer properties             |
| `symbolId`    | `string`          | UUID of symbol master, if any                   |
| `type`        | `string`          | One of `artboard`, `layer`, `symbolMaster`, `symbolInstance`, `group`, `text`, `bitmap`, `shapeGroup`, `shapePath`, `rectangle`, `oval`, `polygon`, `triangle`, `star`, `page`, `slice`, `hotspot` |

#### LayerDataProperties

| Property                | Type                         | Description                                                               |
|-------------------------|------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `styleName`             | `string[]`                   | Custom name for a layer                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `styleName`             | `string`                   | Custom name for a layer                                                   |
```

Not an array

Reviewer 2: should also be optional (`styleName?`) to match the [typedef](https://github.com/goabstract/abstract-sdk/blob/master/src/types.js#L1256)

| `name`                  | `string`                     | Name of the layer                                                         |
| `isVisible`             | `boolean`                    | Is layer visible in the artboard                                          |
| `isLocked`              | `boolean`                    | Determines whether layer is locked or not                                 |
| `width`                 | `number`                     | The width of layer in pixels                                              |
| `height`                | `number`                     | The height of layer in pixels                                             |

> | `x`                     | `number`                     | The horizontal position of the layer on the page, measured from the left  |
> | `y`                     | `number`                     | The vertical position of the layer on the page, measured from the top     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `x`                     | `number`                     | The relative horizontal position of the layer on the page, measured from the left  |
| `y`                     | `number`                     | The relative vertical position of the layer on the page, measured from the top     |
```

helps to know these are relative and not absolute

| `rotation`              | `number`                     | The rotation of the layer in degrees                                      |
| `opacity`               | `number`                     | Opacity from 0 to 100                                                     |
| `hasClippingMask`       | `boolean`                    | Ensures whether a layer has a clipping mask                               | 
| `underClippingMask`     | `boolean`                    | Ensures whether a layer is under clipping mask or not                     |
| `textStyleIndex`        | `LayerTextStyle[]`           | Styles of Text. Refer to [LayerTextStyle](#layertextstyle)                | 
| `colorIndex`            | `LayerColor[]`               | Colors. Refer to [LayerColor](#layercolor)                                |
| `blendMode`             | `LayerBlendMode`             | Refer to [LayerBlendMode](#layerblendmode)                                | 
| `hasClickThrough`       | `boolean`                    | Can be clicked when pressing cmd or selecting the "Click-through when selecting" |

> | `imageId`               | `string`                     | An id of an image                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `imageId`               | `string`                     | An id to image when layer is a bitmap                                                     |
```

| `textContent`           | `string`                     | Inner text of a layer                                                     |
| `backgroundColor`       | `LayerColor`                 | Background color of a layer. Refer to [LayerColor](#layercolor)           |
| `borderRadius`          | `LayerBorderRadius`          | The value of layer's border radius. Refer to [LayerBorderRadius](#layerborderradius) |
| `text`                  | `LayerTextStyle`             | The style of text in a layer. Refer to [LayerTextStyle](#layertextstyle)  |

> | `fills`                 | `LayerFill[]`                | An integral part of a shape’s style. Refer to [LayerFill](#layerfill)     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `fills`                 | `LayerFill[]`                | The fill styles for a layer. Refer to [LayerFill](#layerfill)     |
```

| `borders`               | `LayerBorder[]`              | Styles for borders. Refer to [LayerBorder](#layerborder)                  |
| `shadows`               | `LayerShadows`               | Shadow values. Refer to [LayerShadows](#layershadows)                     |
| `resizingConstraint`    | `LayerResizingConstraint`    | Refer to [LayerResizingConstraint](#layerresizingconstraint)              | 
| `overrides`             | `LayerOverrideData`          | Refer to [LayerOverrideData](#layeroverridedata)                          | 

> | `assets`                | `LayerDataAsset[]`           | A list of assets in a layer. Refer to [LayerDataAsset](#layerdataasset)   |

Reviewer 2: a number of these properties (`textContent`, `borders`, `shadows`, `overrides`, etc) need to be marked as optional to match the [typedef](https://github.com/goabstract/abstract-sdk/blob/master/src/types.js#L1271-L1282)

Author: @zpnk 100%, thanks for noticing that. Added in https://github.com/goabstract/abstract-sdk/pull/264/commits/bc6d16b8733b817f2438a4f78b877b6ab2c886ff

#### LayerTextStyle

| Property                 | Type                        | Description                                     |
|--------------------------|-----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| `styleName`              | `string`                    | Style name for text                             |
| `fixed`                  | `boolean`                   | Is the text fixed or not                        |

> | `fontName`               | `string`                    | Font Name that gets used                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `fontName`               | `string`                    | PostScript Font Name                        |
```

| `characterSpacing`       | `number`                    | Spacing between Characters                      |
| `paragraphSpacing`       | `number`                    | Spacing between Paragraphs                      |
| `horizontalAlignment`    | `LayerHorizontalAlignment`  | Horizontal Alignment of a text                  |
| `verticalAlignment`      | `number`                    | Vertical Alignment of a text                    |
| `color`                  | `LayerColor`                | Refer to [LayerColor](#layercolor)              |
| `listStyle`              | `LayerListStyle`            | One of `""`, `disc` or `numbered`               |
| `textTransform`          | `LayerTextTransform`        | `0` for none, `1` is for uppercase and `2` is for lowercase |
| `textDecoration`         | `LayerTextDecoration`       | Refer to [LayerTextDecoration](#layertextdecoration) |

#### LayerTextDecoration

| Property      | Type              | Description                                     |
|---------------|-------------------|-------------------------------------------------|

> | `line`        | `string`          | `underline` or `strikethrough`                  |
> | `style`       | `string`          | `solid` or `double`                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `line`        | `string`          | Refer to [LayerTextDecorationLine](#LayerTextDecorationLine)                 |
| `style`       | `string`          | Refer to [LayerTextDecorationStyle](#LayerTextDecorationStyle)                           |
```

Should document the types for these in the description `LayerTextDecorationLine` and `LayerTextDecorationStyle`

Author: https://github.com/goabstract/abstract-sdk/pull/264/commits/be71f390c94fa701360d77490b691e813fd077d4 done

#### LayerColor

| Property            | Type              | Description                                     |
|---------------------|-------------------|-------------------------------------------------|

> | `hex8`              | `string`          | Color in `HEX` (e.g. #000)                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hex8`              | `string`          | Color in `HEX8` (e.g. #RRGGBBAA)                      |
```

| `rgba`              | `string`          | `rgba` of color (e.g. rgba(0, 0, 0, 0)          |
| `components`        | `object`          | A list rgba color values                        |
| `components.red`    | `number`          | Value of red (`0` to `1`)                       |
| `components.green`  | `number`          | Value of green (`0` to `1`)                     |
| `components.blue`   | `number`          | Value of blue (`0` to `1`)                      |
| `components.alpha`  | `number`          | Alpha of color (`0` to `1`)                     |

#### LayerBlendMode

> Can be one of there numbers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be one of these blend modes:
```

| `LayerBlendModeColorBurn`   | `3`          | Color burn Blend Mode                           |
| `LayerBlendModeLighten`     | `4`          | Lighten Blend Mode                              |
| `LayerBlendModeScreen`      | `5`          | Screen in Blend Mode                            |
| `LayerBlendModeAdd`         | `6`          | Add Blend Mode                                  |
| `LayerBlendModeOverlay`     | `7`          | Overlay                                         |
| `LayerBlendModeSoftLight`   | `8`          | Soft light                                      |
| `LayerBlendModeHardLight`   | `9`          | Hard light                                      |
| `LayerBlendModeDifference`  | `10`         | Difference in Blend Mode                        |
| `LayerBlendModeExclusion`   | `11`         | Exclusion in Blend Mode                         |
| `LayerBlendModeHue`         | `12`         | Hue in Blend Mode                               |
| `LayerBlendModeSaturation`  | `13`         | Saturation in Blend Mode                        |
| `LayerBlendModeColor`       | `14`         | Color in Blend Mode                             |

> | `LayerBlendModeLuminosity`  | `15`         | Luminosity in Blend Mode                        |

Reviewer: Could probably remove `Blend Mode` or `in Blend Mode` from all of these to make consistent with Overlay, Soft light, etc.

Author: Yes, looks better without them. Refer to https://github.com/goabstract/abstract-sdk/pull/264/commits/ce3b94e0e1d9615186958e7eb41d41396887c024

#### LayerBorderRadius

| Property      | Type              |
|---------------|-------------------|
| `topLeft`     | `number`          |
| `topRight`    | `number`          |
| `bottomRight` | `number`          |
| `bottomLeft`  | `number`          |

#### LayerFill

> Can be either of these Objects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be either of these fill types:
```

#### LayerFillGradient

| Property      | Value                     | Description                                     |
|---------------|---------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| `fillType`    | `number`                  | Value: `1`                                      |
| `blendMode`   | `LayerBlendMode`          | Refer to [LayerBlendMode](#layerblendmode)      |
| `opacity`     | `number`                  | `0` to `100` opacity level of filling gradient  |
| `gradient`    | `LayerGradient`           | Refer to [LayerGradient](#layergradient)        |

#### LayerFillPattern

| Property              | Value             | Description                                             |
|-----------------------|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| `fillType`            | `number`          | value: `4`                                              |
| `blendMode`           | `LayerBlendMode`  | Refer to [LayerBlendMode](#layerblendmode)              |
| `opacity`             | `number`          | `0` to `100` opacity level of filling pattern           |

> | `patternFillType`     | `number`          | One of `0` (tile), `1` (fill), `2` (stretch), `3` (fit) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `patternFillType`     | `number`          | Refer to [LayerFillPatternType](#LayerFillPatternType) |
```

Author: @amccloud makes sense. Added in https://github.com/goabstract/abstract-sdk/pull/264/commits/edce49406f45e03836f3ecf80b603da5ad956629

| `patternWidth?`       | `number`          | Width of a pattern                                      |
| `patternHeight?`      | `number`          | Height of a pattern                                     |
| `imageUrl`            | `string`          | Image url of a fill                                     |
| `imageId`             | `string`          | Image id of a fill                                      |

#### LayerFillNoise

| Property          | Value                  | Description                                     |
|-------------------|------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| `fillType`        | `LayerFillTypeNoise`   | Value: `5`                                      |
| `blendMode`       | `LayerBlendMode`       | Refer to [LayerBlendMode](#layerblendmode)      |
| `opacity`         | `number`               | `0` to `100` opacity level of filling noise     |
| `noiseIndex`      | `number`               | One of `1` (black), `2` (white), `3` (color)    |
| `noiseIntensity`  | `number`               | `0` to `100` intensity level of filling noise   |

#### LayerBorder

> Can be either one of these objects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be either one of these border types:
```

| `libraryId`   | `string`          | UUID of the library file this layer is from     |
| `libraryName` | `string`          | The name of the library file this layer is from |
| `parentId`    | `string`          | UUID of the parent layer, if any                |
| `properties`  | `LayerDataProperties` | Layer properties             |
| `symbolId`    | `string`          | UUID of symbol master, if any                   |
| `type`        | `string`          | One of `artboard`, `layer`, `symbolMaster`, `symbolInstance`, `group`, `text`, `bitmap`, `shapeGroup`, `shapePath`, `rectangle`, `oval`, `polygon`, `triangle`, `star`, `page`, `slice`, `hotspot` |

#### LayerDataProperties

| Property                | Type                         | Description                                                               |
|-------------------------|------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `styleName?`             | `string`                     | Custom name for a layer                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `styleName?`             | `string`                     | Name of layer styles applies to layer                                                   |
```

It would also be nice to move this below `blendMmode` since it is optional and not as important as `name`

| `characterSpacing?`       | `number`                    | Spacing between Characters                      |
| `paragraphSpacing?`       | `number`                    | Spacing between Paragraphs                      |
| `horizontalAlignment?`    | `LayerHorizontalAlignment`  | Horizontal Alignment of a text                  |
| `verticalAlignment?`      | `number`                    | Vertical Alignment of a text                    |
| `color?`                  | `LayerColor`                | Refer to [LayerColor](#layercolor)              |
| `listStyle?`              | `LayerListStyle`            | One of `""`, `disc` or `numbered`               |
| `textTransform?`          | `LayerTextTransform`        | `0` for none, `1` is for uppercase and `2` is for lowercase |
| `textDecoration?`         | `LayerTextDecoration`       | Refer to [LayerTextDecoration](#layertextdecoration) |

#### LayerTextDecoration

| Property      | Type              | Description                                                                    |
|---------------|-------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `line`        | `string`          | Refer to [LayerTextDecorationLine](#layertextdecorationline)                   |
> | `style`       | `string`          | Refer to [LayerTextDecorationStyle](#layertextdecorationstyle)                 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `line`        | `LayerTextDecorationLine `          | Refer to [LayerTextDecorationLine](#layertextdecorationline)                   |
| `style`       | `LayerTextDecorationStyle`          | Refer to [LayerTextDecorationStyle](#layertextdecorationstyle)                 |
```

#### LayerTextDecorationLine

| Value             |
|-------------------|
| `underline`       |
| `strikethrough`   |

#### LayerTextDecorationStyle

| Value             |
|-------------------|
| `solid`           |
| `double`          |

#### LayerColor

| Property            | Type              | Description                                     |
|---------------------|-------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| `hex8`              | `string`          | Color in `HEX8` (e.g. #RRGGBBAA)                      |

> | `rgba`              | `string`          | `rgba` of color (e.g. rgba(0, 0, 0, 0)          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `rgba`              | `string`          | `rgba` of color (e.g. rgba(0, 0, 0, 0))          |
```

> | `components`        | `object`          | A list rgba color values                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think we can omit the wrapper object here as it's not very useful

|-------------------|------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| `fillType`        | `LayerFillTypeNoise`   | Value: `5`                                      |
| `blendMode`       | `LayerBlendMode`       | Refer to [LayerBlendMode](#layerblendmode)      |
| `opacity`         | `number`               | `0` to `100` opacity level of filling noise     |
| `noiseIndex`      | `number`               | One of `1` (black), `2` (white), `3` (color)    |
| `noiseIntensity`  | `number`               | `0` to `100` intensity level of filling noise   |

#### LayerBorder

Can be either one of these border types:

- [LayerBorderSolid](#layerbordersolid)
- [LayerBorderGradient](#layerbordergradient)

#### LayerBorderSolid

| Property      | Value                      | Description                                          |
|---------------|----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| `fillType`    | `LayerFillTypeSolid`       | Value: `0`                                           |
| `position`    | `LayerBorderPosition`      | Refer to [LayerBorderPosition](#layerborderposition) |

> | `thickness`   | `number`                   | How thick the border shall be                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `thickness`   | `number`                   | Size of the border stroke                       |
```

| `color`       | `LayerColor`               | Refer to [LayerColor](#layercolor)                   |

#### LayerBorderGradient

| Property      | Value                      | Description                                          |
|---------------|----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| `fillType`    | `LayerFillTypeGradient`    | Value: `1`                                           |
| `position`    | `LayerBorderPosition`      | Refer to [LayerBorderPosition](#layerborderposition) |

> | `thickness`   | `number`                   | How thick the border shall be                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `thickness`   | `number`                   | Size of the border stroke                       |
```

| `color`       | `LayerGradient`            | Refer to [LayerGradient](#layergradient)             |

#### LayerBorderPosition

| Value   | Description                 |
|---------|-----------------------------|
| `0`     | Center                      |
| `1`     | Inside                      |
| `2`     | Outside                     |

#### LayerGradient

| Property             | Value                 | Description                                             |
|----------------------|-----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| `gradientType`       | `number`              | Value: `0` for linear, `1`, for radial, `2` for angular |
| `from`               | `[number, number]`    | Coords from where to start a gradient                   |
| `to`                 | `[number, number]`    | Coords from where to end a gradient                     |

> | `stops`              | `object`              | Where gradient might want to be different               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `stops`              | `LayerGradientStop[]`              | List of colors stops for the gradient              |
```

| `blurRadius`      | `number`            | Radius of blur                                  |
| `spread`          | `number`            | Spread value of a shadow                        |
| `x`               | `number`            | Horizontal coords of a shadow                   |
| `y`               | `number`            | Vertical coords of a shadow                     |

#### LayerResizingConstraint

| Property      | Value                 |
|---------------|-----------------------|
| `top?`             | `boolean`        |
| `right?`           | `boolean`        |
| `bottom?`          | `boolean`        |
| `left?`            | `boolean`        |
| `fixedWidth?`      | `boolean`        |
| `fixedHeight?`     | `boolean`        |

#### LayerOverrideData

| Property                | Value                               | Description                                     |
|-------------------------|-------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| `symbolId`              | `boolean`                           | The id of a symbol that gets overwritten        |

> | `properties`            | `object`                            | Properties that the layer will overwrite        |

Reviewer 2: both optional: https://github.com/goabstract/abstract-sdk/blob/master/src/types.js#L1243-L1244

`properties` should be of type `LayerOverrideProperties`
